Maven 
Software management tool 
Working multiple people, when you are using Jenkins you must management tools like maven
All jars in maven repository, maintain consistency and one common framework structure skeleton, test project one template, maven has different template for example java development. Test development,
Maven in five-minute tutorial
Pom.xml file is very important
Install java first, plus path, download java apache maven. Five the two-file system variable path
Checking in cmd    
Maven –version

Package name is groupId
Artifact id is project name 
Version 
You need to put test at then of every test case with maven 
Put the project in maven repository if some want to download it give them the group id and artifact id  

Creating maven project through the command line 
mvn archetype:generate -DgroupId=com.mycompany.app -DartifactId=my-app -DarchetypeArtifactId=maven-archetype-quickstart -DinteractiveMode=false

in order to integrate to eclipse you need do create one file. classpath and. project be default it does not present then import to eclipse-> go to the pom path in cmd then give this command 
maven eclipse:eclipse then will create the file in pom level

check maven plugs in eclipse then preference->maven->user setting  
import maven existing project
pom is project level 
you will not get by default, maven surefile plugin, copy the dependency and place it pom.xml. you can execute all you test case by surefile plugin 
the command you are running from cmd should be from pom.xml file 
maven clean, compile (checking syntax error)
maven test does all three in one automatically 
just maven test in Jenkins 
first will check the local folder for jars if exist if not then will download it in the local file 
integrating testNg with maven you need the xml file to create 
running testng xml from maven copy the dependency form surefire past it in pom.xml
testng congigation will run based on our configuration 
run single test case maven -Dtest-testcasename.test from cmd
creating two testng xml one regression and smoke test how to rum it from pom xml 
you can do so with profiles->profile


udemy 


Maven –
Apache Maven is a software project management and build management tool for Java Frameworks.
1.	Why Maven?
•	Central repository to get dependencies
•	Maintaining common structure across the organization
•	Flexibility in Integrating with CI tools
•	Plugins for Test framework execution.
2.	Install Maven
3.	Set System variables to recognize Maven
4.	Understanding Maven terminologies
 Artifact: An artifact is a file, usually a JAR, that gets deployed to a Maven repository.
 GroupId: groupId will identify your project uniquely across all projects,
 archetype:generate ; Generates a new project from an archetype
5.	Creating Maven Project
mvn archetype:generate -DgroupId=com.mycompany.app -DartifactId=my-app -DarchetypeArtifactId=maven-archetype-quickstart -DinteractiveMode=false

6.	Integrate Maven with Eclipse
7.	Maven Phases for Test Automation
8.	Clean, compile, test
9.	Understanding POM.xml file dependencies..
10.	How to find the dependencies of the Softwares?
11.	Importance of Maven Sure fire plugin
12.	Running Tests with Surefireplugin
13.	Integrating Testng into Maven
14.	Testng xml files configuration in POM file
15.	Setting up Profiles in POM.xml file
16.	Running selected Tests only with Maven commands
17.	Maven Sure fire reports


Jenkins 
Real live everyday use. developed for automation, user friendly, download the jar then go the command line write java -jar Jenkins.war -httpPort = 9090 you have tell the cmd where is located the jar for Jenkins 
Take the local host
After configuration you pull project from GitHub or locally to Jenkins 
Copy your project and past it in .jenkins folder   if locally 
Then command ${JENKINS_HOME}/Project name
Result in surefire folder in project go to index.xml copy the link
Test-resulr.xml 
Install in Jenkins the manage plugins tools 
Scheduling 
Jenkins accept five parameters 
Minutes    hours   day    month            day of the week 
•	*means to rum every




 
